Ah, my teeth are inconvenient for you to do.
But what about me?
Wushuang, stop fighting
Go away.
After ten years, I can see you
Die without regrets
Our Lu family can't live without a queen
Dad will help you bear the cost of your treason
Get out of here
Don't you believe me?
You think I'm afraid of thieves and stupid children
The world doesn't believe you
Dad believes in you too
But that's why you have to live well
You take your mother and go
You are my son
Even guilty
Dad will bear all the punishment for you, too?
I'm not leaving, I'm not afraid of you
Go find the best doctor in the world tonight
Heal my mom
It's you, why is the child disobedient?
If you don't leave, it will be too late.
I want to go, I want to be beautiful